h1. jQuery.bind-first

bind-first is a tiny jQuery plugin which allows you to attach a handler to an event for the elements (like regular @$.bind@, @$.delegate@ and @$.live@ do) and put them on the first place in the event queue. 

Using jQuery.bind-first you may be sure that your event handler will be executed first, regardless of its actual appearance in the code.

h2. Usage

@$(/* selector */).bindFirst(/* arguments  */);@
@$(/* selector */).delegateFirst(/* arguments  */);@
@$(/* selector */).liveFirst(/* arguments  */);@

The arguments are completely identical to the corresponding jQuery functions: "bind":http://api.jquery.com/bind/, "delegate":http://api.jquery.com/delegate/ and "live":http://api.jquery.com/live/.

h2. Example

h3. bindFirst

<pre><code>$('#bind a')
	// regular bind: binded first, will be runned second
	.bind('click', function() {
		alert('regular bind');
		return false;
	})
	// bindFirst: binded second, will be runned first
	.bindFirst('click', function() {
		alert('bindFirst');
		return false;
	});
</code></pre>

h2. License

h3. MIT License

Copyright (c) 2012 Vladimir Zhuravlev

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
